Options arbitrage oppertinties:

1. Exercise Arbitrage:
    No option should sell for less than its exercise value
    Call Option: Value of call > Value of Underlying Asset – Strike Price
        immediate profit by buying the call and exercising right away
    Put  Option: Value of put > Strike Price – Value of Underlying Asset 


    Value of call > Value of Underlying Asset – Present value of Strike Price
        if Value of call < then: Buy the call, sell short a share (or 100) of stock and recieve (Value of Underlying Asset - Value of call
    Value of put > Present value of Strike Price – Value of Underlying Asset
    create a portfolio of the underlying asset and the option and hold it through the option’s expiration



Arbitrage Oppertunities:
1. Exercise Arbitrage:
    No option should sell for less than its exercise value
    
    if (Value of call < Value of Underlying Asset – Present value of Strike Price):
        Buy the call
        sell short a share (or 100) of stock
        recieve (Value of Underlying Asset - Value of call)
    if (Value of put < Present value of Strike Price – Value of Underlying Asset)
        


2. Replicating Portfolio
3. Put-Call Parity

    If C-P > S – Ke^-rt,
        sell the call
        buy the put
        buy the stock.
        You would earn more than the riskless rate on a riskless investment.
    If C-P < S – Ke^-rt, 
        buy the call
        sell the put
        sell short the stock
        You would then invest the proceeds at the riskless rate and end up with a riskless profit at maturity.

4. Mispricing across Strike Prices and Maturities
    spread: combination of two or more options of the same type (call or put) on the same underlying asset
    Options:
        1. (bull and bear spreads): same maturity but different exercise prices

            if (same maturity): A call with a lower strike price should never sell for less than a call with a higher strike price
                buy the lower strike price call
                sell the higher strike price call

            if (same maturity): put with a lower strike price should never sell for more than a put with a higher strike price
                buy the higher strike price put
                sell the lower strike price put 

        2. (calendar spreads): same strike price but different maturities

            if (Same Strike): A call/put with a shorter time to expiration should never sell for more than a call/put with a longer time to expiration
                buy the call/put with the shorter maturity
                sell (put) the call with the longer maturity

                When the first call expires, you will either exercise the second call (and have no cashflows) or sell it (and make a further profit).

        3. (diagonal spreads): two options with different exercise prices and maturities
        4. (butterfly spreads): more than two options
5. Volatility Arbitrage